1340548416
ApplicationController	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	class ApplicationController 
ApplicationHelper	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	module ApplicationHelper
Customer	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/models/customer.rb	class Customer 
CustomersHelper	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/helpers/customers_helper.rb	module CustomersHelper
HomeController	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/controllers/home_controller.rb	class HomeController 
HomeHelper	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/helpers/home_helper.rb	module HomeHelper
Purchase	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/models/purchase.rb	class Purchase 
PurchasesController	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/controllers/purchases_controller.rb	class PurchasesController 
PurchasesHelper	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/helpers/purchases_helper.rb	module PurchasesHelper
Ticket	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/models/ticket.rb	class Ticket 
Ticketcount	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/models/ticketcount.rb	class Ticketcount 
TicketcountsHelper	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/helpers/ticketcounts_helper.rb	module TicketcountsHelper
TicketsHelper	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/helpers/tickets_helper.rb	module TicketsHelper
create	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/controllers/purchases_controller.rb	  def create
destroy	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/controllers/purchases_controller.rb	  def destroy
edit	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/controllers/purchases_controller.rb	  def edit
extractLast	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/assets/javascripts/autocomplete-rails.js	function extractLast( term )
index	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/controllers/purchases_controller.rb	  def index
index	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/controllers/home_controller.rb	  def index
new	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/controllers/purchases_controller.rb	  def new
show	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/controllers/purchases_controller.rb	  def show
split	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/assets/javascripts/autocomplete-rails.js	function split( val )
ticket_category	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/models/ticket.rb	 def ticket_category
ticket_category	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/models/customer.rb	def ticket_category
ticket_category=	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/models/ticket.rb	 def ticket_category=(category)
ticket_category=	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/models/customer.rb	 def ticket_category=(category)
ticket_cost	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/models/ticket.rb	 def ticket_cost
ticket_cost=	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/models/ticket.rb	 def ticket_cost=(cost)
ticket_count	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/models/ticket.rb	 def ticket_count
ticket_count=	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/models/ticket.rb	 def ticket_count=(nooftickets)
update	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/controllers/purchases_controller.rb	  def update
