1340397717
AddColumnTicketCountIdToTicket	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/db/migrate/20120616132017_add_column_ticket_count_id_to_ticket.rb	class AddColumnTicketCountIdToTicket 
AddColumnToCustomer	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/db/migrate/20120618100230_add_column_to_customer.rb	class AddColumnToCustomer 
AddCostToTicketcount	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/db/migrate/20120619083743_add_cost_to_ticketcount.rb	class AddCostToTicketcount 
Application	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/config/application.rb	  class Application 
ApplicationController	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	class ApplicationController 
ApplicationHelper	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	module ApplicationHelper
BrowsingTest	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	class BrowsingTest 
CineJQM	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/config/application.rb	module CineJQM
CreateCustomers	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/db/migrate/20120616113148_create_customers.rb	class CreateCustomers 
CreatePurchases	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/db/migrate/20120622183440_create_purchases.rb	class CreatePurchases 
CreateTableTicketCount	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/db/migrate/20120616131259_create_table_ticket_count.rb	class CreateTableTicketCount 
CreateTicketcounts	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/db/migrate/20120616142924_create_ticketcounts.rb	class CreateTicketcounts 
CreateTickets	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/db/migrate/20120616113519_create_tickets.rb	class CreateTickets 
Customer	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/models/customer.rb	class Customer 
CustomerTest	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/test/unit/customer_test.rb	class CustomerTest 
CustomersController	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/controllers/customers_controller.rb	class CustomersController 
CustomersControllerTest	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/test/functional/customers_controller_test.rb	class CustomersControllerTest 
CustomersHelper	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/helpers/customers_helper.rb	module CustomersHelper
CustomersHelperTest	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/test/unit/helpers/customers_helper_test.rb	class CustomersHelperTest 
DropTicketcounts	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/db/migrate/20120618091952_drop_ticketcounts.rb	class DropTicketcounts 
HomeController	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/controllers/home_controller.rb	class HomeController 
HomeControllerTest	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/test/functional/home_controller_test.rb	class HomeControllerTest 
HomeHelper	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/helpers/home_helper.rb	module HomeHelper
HomeHelperTest	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/test/unit/helpers/home_helper_test.rb	class HomeHelperTest 
Purchase	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/models/purchase.rb	class Purchase 
PurchaseTest	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/test/unit/purchase_test.rb	class PurchaseTest 
PurchasesController	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/controllers/purchases_controller.rb	class PurchasesController 
PurchasesControllerTest	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/test/functional/purchases_controller_test.rb	class PurchasesControllerTest 
PurchasesHelper	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/helpers/purchases_helper.rb	module PurchasesHelper
PurchasesHelperTest	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/test/unit/helpers/purchases_helper_test.rb	class PurchasesHelperTest 
RemoveColumnsFromTickets	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/db/migrate/20120616131638_remove_columns_from_tickets.rb	class RemoveColumnsFromTickets 
RenameTicketcount	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/db/migrate/20120618092438_rename_ticketcount.rb	class RenameTicketcount 
TestCase	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/test/test_helper.rb	class ActiveSupport::TestCase
Ticket	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/models/ticket.rb	class Ticket 
TicketTest	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/test/unit/ticket_test.rb	class TicketTest 
Ticketcount	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/models/ticketcount.rb	class Ticketcount 
TicketcountTest	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/test/unit/ticketcount_test.rb	class TicketcountTest 
TicketcountsController	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/controllers/ticketcount_controller.rb	class TicketcountsController 
TicketcountsController	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/controllers/ticketcounts_controller.rb	class TicketcountsController 
TicketcountsControllerTest	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/test/functional/ticketcounts_controller_test.rb	class TicketcountsControllerTest 
TicketcountsHelper	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/helpers/ticketcounts_helper.rb	module TicketcountsHelper
TicketcountsHelperTest	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/test/unit/helpers/ticketcounts_helper_test.rb	class TicketcountsHelperTest 
TicketsController	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/controllers/tickets_controller.rb	class TicketsController 
TicketsControllerTest	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/test/functional/tickets_controller_test.rb	class TicketsControllerTest 
TicketsHelper	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/helpers/tickets_helper.rb	module TicketsHelper
TicketsHelperTest	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/test/unit/helpers/tickets_helper_test.rb	class TicketsHelperTest 
cancel	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/controllers/customers_controller.rb	  def cancel
change	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/db/migrate/20120619083743_add_cost_to_ticketcount.rb	  def change
change	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/db/migrate/20120616131638_remove_columns_from_tickets.rb	  def change
change	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/db/migrate/20120618092438_rename_ticketcount.rb	  def change
change	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/db/migrate/20120616131259_create_table_ticket_count.rb	  def change
change	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/db/migrate/20120618100230_add_column_to_customer.rb	  def change
change	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/db/migrate/20120616113148_create_customers.rb	  def change
change	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/db/migrate/20120616113519_create_tickets.rb	  def change
change	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/db/migrate/20120616132017_add_column_ticket_count_id_to_ticket.rb	  def change
change	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/db/migrate/20120616142924_create_ticketcounts.rb	  def change
change	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/db/migrate/20120618091952_drop_ticketcounts.rb	  def change
change	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/db/migrate/20120622183440_create_purchases.rb	  def change
create	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/controllers/ticketcount_controller.rb	  def create
create	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/controllers/ticketcounts_controller.rb	  def create
create	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/controllers/tickets_controller.rb	  def create
create	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/controllers/customers_controller.rb	  def create
create	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/controllers/purchases_controller.rb	  def create
destroy	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/controllers/ticketcount_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/controllers/ticketcounts_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/controllers/tickets_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/controllers/customers_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/controllers/purchases_controller.rb	  def destroy
edit	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/controllers/ticketcount_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/controllers/ticketcounts_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/controllers/tickets_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/controllers/customers_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/controllers/purchases_controller.rb	  def edit
extractLast	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/assets/javascripts/autocomplete-rails.js	function extractLast( term )
index	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/controllers/ticketcount_controller.rb	def index
index	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/controllers/ticketcounts_controller.rb	def index
index	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/controllers/tickets_controller.rb	  def index
index	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/controllers/home_controller.rb	  def index
index	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/controllers/customers_controller.rb	  def index
index	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/controllers/purchases_controller.rb	  def index
new	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/controllers/ticketcount_controller.rb	  def new
new	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/controllers/ticketcounts_controller.rb	  def new
new	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/controllers/tickets_controller.rb	  def new
new	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/controllers/customers_controller.rb	  def new
new	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/controllers/purchases_controller.rb	  def new
show	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/controllers/ticketcount_controller.rb	  def show
show	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/controllers/ticketcounts_controller.rb	  def show
show	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/controllers/tickets_controller.rb	  def show
show	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/controllers/customers_controller.rb	  def show
show	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/controllers/purchases_controller.rb	  def show
split	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/assets/javascripts/autocomplete-rails.js	function split( val )
test_homepage	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	  def test_homepage
ticket_category	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/models/ticket.rb	 def ticket_category
ticket_category	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/models/customer.rb	def ticket_category
ticket_category=	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/models/ticket.rb	 def ticket_category=(category)
ticket_category=	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/models/customer.rb	 def ticket_category=(category)
ticket_cost	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/models/ticket.rb	 def ticket_cost
ticket_cost=	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/models/ticket.rb	 def ticket_cost=(cost)
ticket_count	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/models/ticket.rb	 def ticket_count
ticket_count=	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/models/ticket.rb	 def ticket_count=(nooftickets)
update	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/controllers/ticketcount_controller.rb	  def update
update	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/controllers/ticketcounts_controller.rb	  def update
update	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/controllers/tickets_controller.rb	  def update
update	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/controllers/customers_controller.rb	  def update
update	/devel/off/ruby/rails/cinejqm/app/controllers/purchases_controller.rb	  def update
